 I wish I could be with you today in the flesh as they say. Unfortunately, I'm in India. Ever been in India? Very hot. You don't mind I'm going to take off my coat. You know, in the advertising community today, there are two worlds. Your world of direct response advertising. And at other world, the world of general advertising. These two worlds are on a collision course. You direct response people know what kind of advertising works and what doesn't work. You know to a dollar. The general advertising people don't know. You know that two-minute commercials on television are more effective, more cost-effective than ten-second commercials or thirty-second commercials. You know that the finished time on television sells more than prime time. In print advertising, you know that long copy sells more than short copy. You know that headlines and copy about the product and its benefits sell more than cute headlines and poetic copy. You know to a dollar. The general advertisers and their agencies know almost nothing for sure because they cannot measure the results of their advertising. They worship at the order of creativity, which really means originality, the most dangerous word in the lexicon of advertising. They opine to thirty-second commercials are more cost-effective than two-minute commercials. You know they're wrong. In print advertising, they opine that short commercials sell more than long copy. You know they're wrong. They indulge in entertainment. You know they're wrong. You know to a dollar. They don't. Why don't you tell them? Why don't you save them from their follies? For two reasons. First because you're impressed by the fact that they're so big and so well paid and so well publicized. You're even perhaps impressed by their reputation for creativity, whatever that may mean. Second, you never meet them. You inhabit a different world. The chasm between direct response advertising. And general advertising is wide. On your side of the chasm I see knowledge and reality. On the other side of the chasm I see ignorance. You are the professionals. This must not go on. I predict that the practitioners of general advertising are going to start learning from your experience. They're going to start picking your brains. I see no reason why the direct response to visions of agencies should be separate from the main agencies. Some of you may remember when television people and agencies were kept separate. Wasn't that idiotic? I expect to see the direct response people become an integral part of all agencies. You have more to teach them than they have to teach you. You have it in your power to rescue the advertising business from its manifold luneses. When I was 25, I took a correspondence course in direct mail. I bought it out my own pocket in the dark nail corporation in Chicago. Direct response is my first love. And later it became my secret weapon. When I started over in May, the New York, nobody had heard of us. But we were airborne within six months and grew at record speed. How did we achieve that by using my secret weapon direct mail? Every four weeks I sent personalized mailings to our new business prospects. And I was always amazed to discover how many of our clients had been attracted to our company in May that by those mailings. That was how we grew. Whenever I look at an advertisement in a magazine or a newspaper, I can tell at a glance whether the right has had any direct response experience. If you write short coffee or literary coffee, it is obvious that he has never had the disciplines of writing direct response. If he has had that discipline, he wouldn't make those mistakes. Nobody should be allowed to create general advertising until he has served his apprenticeship and direct response. That experience will keep his feet on the ground for the rest of his life. You know, the trouble with many coffee writers and general agencies is that they don't really think in terms of selling. They've never written direct response, they've never tasted blood. Until recently, direct response was the Cinderella, the advertising world. Then came the computer and the credit card. And direct marketing exploded. You guys are coming to your own. Your opportunities are colossal. In the audience today, there are heads of some general agencies. I offer this advice, insist that all your people, creative media, counter executives, that they're all trained in your direct response division. If you don't have such a division, make arrangements within a firm of direct marketing specialists to train your people. And make it a rule in your agency, no copy is ever presented to clients before it has been vetted by a direct response expert. Ladies and gentlemen, I envy you. Your timing is perfect. You've come into the direct response business at the right moment in history. You're on to a good thing. For 40 years, I've been a voice crying in the wilderness trying to get my fellow advertising practitioners to take direct response seriously. Today, my first love is coming to its own. You face a golden future.